ExtJS Web UI Setup
==================

This directory contains an ExtJS workspace.  The generated extjs/ext
directory, which contains the ExtJS JavaScript sources, has not been
checked in to Git, since it is quite large.  So after checking out
from Git, you need to run this command once (from the top level csw
directory):

    sencha -sdk path/to/sdk generate workspace extjs

Where /path/to/sdk is the path to the ExtJS SDK that you can download
from the Sencha web site: http://www.sencha.com/products/extjs/download.
At the time of writing, this version used was ext-4.2.1.883.

You also need to install the Sencha Cmd tools, available from:
http://www.sencha.com/products/sencha-cmd/download.
At the time of writing the Sencha Cmd version used was 4.0.1.45.

The workspace contains all of the ExtJS based apps used here, so that
they can share code and be compiled (minified). Currently, the only
web app is "assembly1", which is used by demo app test/pkg/container1
to display a form.

The top level index.hml file in this directory provides links to the
development and production versions.  The development version runs
directly off the JavaScript sources (but still requires a CSS file
from the compiled version).

Compiling the JavaScript
------------------------

The production version is the result of running the command:

   sencha app build

in the the application directory. For example.

    cd assembly1
    sencha app build

This generates an app.js file under build/production that is minified.
Since compiling is slow, it is easier to use the sources directly
during development.  However the application bootstrap.css file links
to a compiled CSS file, so you need to run the build (sencha app
build) at least once. By default this command compiles the
"production" version.  To compile a "testing" version, use the
command:

    sencha app build testing


Configuring the location of the ExtJS Applications
--------------------------------------------------

In the Scala code, the static Spray route in CommandServiceHttpRoute
needs to know where to find the JavaScript resources. This is defined
in a config value "csw.extjs.root", which can normally be defined in
the application's reference.conf. A default value is set in
cmd/src/main/resources/reference.con.  Currently the main sbt
Build.scala file adds a -Dcsw.extjs.root=... option for the container1
demo project, automatically inserting the correct path.
